- [Instructor] Throughout this course,
I am going to be using some common terms
and reference common components
and I want to spend a quick moment to introduce them
in case you are completely new
to the concept of asynchronous messaging.
The message broker is one of the core components required
for asynchronous messaging
in a microservices architectural style
or any asynchronous messaging for that matter.
It is the heart of the system
and has central responsibility for all messaging operations.
It provides a native mechanism
to translate the message from one system
into a message for another system.
It can translate and transform the message as it comes in
and prepare it for the consumer as needed.
One of the big responsibilities, as you might imagine,
includes the actual routing of the messages.
Routing comes in many forms from simple point-to-point
to inspection-based routing and fanning out of messages.
The message broker handles these tasks for you
so that your consumers are only impacted
by the messages they need to respond to.
In addition to routing,
messaging can usually be aggregated as needed.
If several messages should be broken apart or reassembled
to do this work for you so you can, again,
target messages in the most efficient way possible.
Unfortunately, one of the most ignored aspects
of message brokers is the ability to handle errors
in the systems and respond or alert to them.
We will talk a bit about how to handle dead-letter queues,
but it's important to know that messaging does have errors
and you shouldn't ignore them.
The message brokers are a great source for handling
and responding to these situations.
There are several common message brokers
that you may see in use.
Many are open source in nature.
RabbitMQ, Apache ActiveMQ, JMS, Apache Kafka, and Cache.
Now cache systems, such as the one by Redis,
can be used as message brokers if needed,
but from my experiences,
they don't provide the robustness
of the other tooling that I mentioned.
There are several key terms
with regards to asynchronous messaging
that I will use throughout this course.
I want to briefly mention them
and what they mean as language and translations
can cause confusion in some situations.
A producer is the system that creates the message
for some other system to act on,
is responsible under the correct conditions
for building a message using the contractual format
and dispatching it to the message broker.
Once it has sent the message,
it usually will respond with an indication
that the message was accepted
and close the process.
A consumer or receiver is the system
that receives the message from the message broker.
There are several ways that this can be accomplished,
but ultimately, once the message is received,
the consumer will act on that message.
Usually the outcome of its operation
is one of several possibilities.
It can do nothing after work is done if it is a simple task.
It can also become a producer
for a message intended to another system downstream
or a producer for the original system indicating
its processing is done,
sometimes called a response or callback scenario.
The action of the consumer
is totally dependent on its purpose.
A dead-letter queue is a special place in a message broker
where error messages go.
There can be several reasons for errors
from format issues like structure or length,
timeouts from not being read quick enough by the consumer,
or in some cases,
the queues being so backed up
that it cannot accept the message.
Consider these cases when building a message-based system
as you will need to respond to the cases
in different manners from scaling up more consumers
to ensuring that they're up and running.
D-L queues can and usually are configured per message path
to ensure messaging is complete across the board.